Name: Morgan Ciliv

Interests and activities at Tufts:

I'm very interested in understanding intelligence and thinking about how we
could engineer it. Moreover, I'm extremely fascinated by the brain, and I
think that unlocking the functionality of the brain will lead us to more
intelligent machines. Right now, I'm specifically interested in the research
from a company called Numenta which studies neuroscience-based machine
intelligence. I love reading about AI. Books I've read and will read include
On Intelligence, the Master Algorithm, How to Create a Mind, and
Superintelligence, and hopefully others! My greatest passion happens to be
the topic off this course.

For the past two years I've swam for the men's swim team here at Tufts.
However, now I'm doing dance. An awesome dance teacher at Tufts, Jun
Kuribayashi is teaching Dance Repertory and Performance this semester, so I'm
excited to take his class. I'll also partake in Turbo, the break dance group
on campus. I love dance. Later, I hope to learn to sing (carry a tune at least)
:)


What I hope to get out of this course:

First, I'm so excited for this course, and I'm delighted that Tom Williams
is (You are) teaching it. I loved the teaching philosophy page on his (your)
website.

I want to learn as much as I can about AI! I want to learn about the
history and thinking that went behind developing AI and the
succcess and failures in its development. Furthermore, I hope to seek out
clues on where the future of AI is going and should go.

I also hope to learn about different AI techniques such as decision trees,
genetic algorithms, constraint satisfaction problems, search, Bayesian
networks, Markov processes and whatever else we should learn haha. I'm
excited to learn Prolog and improve my programming skills, particularly in C++.

I hope to gain new perspectives, learn to learn better, and program better.
Moreover, I hope to learn to write better in general and about AI. I also hope
to learn about technical writing. I'm looking to having many exciting
conversations about AI and learn about other's views and ideas. I hope to
learn a lot from our teacher's experience with the subject and learn what his
advice is going forward in the field.

I will give my best effort in it all!

I have read, understood, and agree to the policies for COMP 131, Spring
Semester, 2017.

